today I'm going to show you how to make
my chicken and vegetable spring rolls
let's get started in a large bowl
combine one cup of diced celery
one cup of grated carrots
three green onions chopped finely
one whole red pepper diced
one cup of finely chopped bok choy the
greens only
one and a half cups of chopped bean
sprouts
one and a half cups of cooked chicken
diced or shredded
one teaspoon of fresh ginger root graded
one teaspoon of black pepper
one teaspoon of dried granulated garlic
one eighth of a cup of soy sauce
you don't need salt because the soy
sauce has enough sodium in it with a
large spoon stir the ingredients until
well combined you can make the filling a
day in advance but it's best when used
within a few hours of making it cover
the mixture and refrigerate for an hour
or two to wrap the chicken and vegetable
filling you will need 50 medium-sized
spring roll wraps and egg beaten with a
few drops of water a pastry brush a
spoon and a clean dry surface to work on
to start lay down a spring roll wrapper
on the clean surface brush a little egg
wash on the edges of the wrapper
spoon one heaping tablespoon of filling
onto the wrapper less than Midway up
spread it evenly
tuck the edge of the wrapper around the
mixture roll it halfway up and then fold
the sides in like this
and roll to seal closed
but
side and make another one
again place a wrapper on the surface and
brush a little egg wash on the edges
spoon one heaping tablespoon onto the
wrapper about a third way up
spread it evenly tuck the edge of the
wrapper around the mixture roll it
halfway up
and then fold the sides in
and then roll to seal completely
and put aside make another one
heat up two cups of canola oil in a deep
frying pan carefully place spring rolls
into the hot oil
click five or six at a time
fry them until they are crispy golden
brown turn them Midway don't forget to
click both sides
you
we meet the spring rolls from the oil
using tongs
and place on a platter lined with paper
towel to drain the excess oil it to cool
for a few minutes and serve with your
favorite dipping sauce enjoy and thanks
for watching